Add section about operating system specific tests (#7755)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/testing/index.adoc

In order to test parts of your plugin, you may want certain files to exist in the build workspace, or that Jenkins is configured in a certain way.
This section covers various ways to achieve this using the Jenkins Test Harness.

=== Operating System Awareness

> Sometimes it ios necessary to adjust the testcase depending on the operating system.

Reviewer: Spelling fix and minor phrasing suggestion.
```suggestion
Sometimes it is necessary to adjust a test depending on the operating system.
```

> This can be the choice of Batch or Shell commands.

Reviewer: More words to note that there are other cases that are specific to one operating system or another.
```suggestion
This can be the choice of Batch or Shell commands or other test conditions that are operating system specific.
```

> The following example shows how to make use of `Functions.isWindows()` to create different code depending on the operating system:

Reviewer: Minor phrasing
```suggestion
The following example uses `Functions.isWindows()` to create different code depending on the operating system:
```

[source,java]
----
import hudson.Functions;
import hudson.model.FreeStyleProject;
import hudson.tasks.BatchFile;
import hudson.tasks.Shell;
import org.jvnet.hudson.test.JenkinsRule;
import org.junit.Rule;
import org.junit.Test;

public class MyPluginTest {

    @Rule
    public JenkinsRule j = new JenkinsRule();

    @Test
    public void testOnAllSystems() throws Exception {
        FreeStyleProject project = j.createFreeStyleProject();

>         if(Functions.isWindows()) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        if (Functions.isWindows()) {
```

>         if(Functions.isWindows()) {

Reviewer: Spacing to match `spotless:apply`.
```suggestion
        if (Functions.isWindows()) {
```

Reviewer: Included in 8b90364816467f50c6f99cea6468cae86564d5bb

            project.getBuildersList().add(new BatchFile("echo ahoy > log.log"));
        } else {
            project.getBuildersList().add(new Shell("echo ahoy > log.log"));
        }
        j.buildAndAssertSuccess(project);
    }
}
----

> If you just want to disable a test on Windows systems you can make use of `assumeFalse()` in combination with `Functions.isWindows()`:

Reviewer: Proposed additional words to explain more about JUnit assumptions.
```suggestion
Sometimes a test should be skipped because it is only relevant for one type of operating system or because it needs specific conditions that depend on the test environment.
Tests can be skipped based on conditionals evaluated by link:https://www.baeldung.com/junit-conditional-assume[JUnit Assume].
Use  `assumeFalse()` to disable a test on Windows systems in combination with `Functions.isWindows()`:
```

`assumeFalse("TODO: Implement this test on Windows", Functions.isWindows());`

> The following Test will only be executed if it is not executed under windows.

Reviewer: Use the word "skipped" again so that the reader understands that this is skipping a test rather than needing to comprehend that executing a test means that it was not skipped.
```suggestion
The test will be skipped on Windows.
```

> Be aware, that in general, we encourage to also test functionality under windows!

Reviewer: Alternate phrasing suggestion.
```suggestion
Tests run on all platforms by default.
Jenkins encourages testing on multiple operating systems, including Windows.
```
